hey youtubers how are you all right
today I'm doing a hair tutorial some
irons longer now I him do a couple
things in my hair and just to let you
know lately I've been doing
the thigh french braid that I love
when I throw that my hair is how a messy
and
well not even with messy or clean like
you still do that here in five it's very
simple
what you're going to need
hair time
and you don't fly away i'll be using my
frizzy my favorite by john frieda
collection secret weapon and this helps
give you a flawless finish
camouflage perfections leaves ill dry
hair shiny soft and so good stuff all
right first pull my hair and if you're
naturally curly your hair try to
straighten your hair first it's a lot
easier when you have a hair straight but
if you used to braiding your hair even
when it's curly go all for it so so I at
all since I right now
now parks put your thumb part top
section overhead
but now make sure you put all of hair
only five as you prefer
now do your regular braid up top first
right here make this was great separate
in three parts one
two
now I usually go under out to lessen the
way I'm used to grading do that
all right
now as you braid grab a chunk of hair as
you break each braid you go grab chunk
of hair oh yeah about
fun
connect it with that braid
so stop 3 section right now
right
you
if you know how to cornrow this what
you're very rainy scream or if not much
great to be free of luck
go
funk you meet a half way up here leave
it dangling down here but you don't have
to do this it's go all right down
so
so I like to pull those I burn pull out
with an exacto my ear popped in the air
so it looks like you're not trying we
have a cute
five great French wait
and you touch up use that super weapon
3 the time flies
rub against your hair
lately packed
just so the byways
Jeff afraid to at the end
there you go
you finish it off
I'm going to put a little my friend I
mean parts list
the owl purple and you have no one left
purple
now you look very cute hours
Oh guys like this tutorial
[Music]
i'm really looking over to lift the
suggestion
in my previous video
if you guys don't comment in the video
yet please go to it include the link
the link right here on the lips
see the video and post your comment
there of up tuned videos want me to do
what not
I'll see you later
and this helps give you a flawless
finish and cream
you
[Music]